# TicTacToe
This Like the calculator Was extremely challenging Objects Are not My strongsuit In javascript but I can say for sure that after this project Im more comfortable with them. I view them as complicated however If I view them more abstractly and somewhat like functions they become much more managable and tend to make alot more sense to me. Another thing I learned is ignoring directions. This is something I've really already learned from other cs courses because often times directions can make a task seem far more daunting than it actually is especially if you've only just learned about a subject and then are told to complete a complex task specifically using it which is what the odin project tries. The problem is I'm not an expert and I've only watched videos so it can be really tuff to see the usability or reasoning 
behind using objects and factory functions in certain situations. Sticking to your gut will likley be best the fact is I barely used objects and factory functions at all in this code, but it just made more sense that way. And because of that I've learned they arent all that complicated and I may actually be able to read some of the other submissions code despite the lack of comments. Lastly the second most challenging part was figuring out who would win which i saw someone use a 2d array and stole the idea, but I almost scrapped it after nit being able to figure out what to do with it. Luckily I didnt and instead looked back at some old code and remembered I could add class list. After that i needed to find the child with the x or o and see if the numbered divs matched with any of the winning combonations, that was pretty tuff since 2d arrays were new but with a little research I found whats in my code.
